Header filters (#35)
YOU54F/msw-pact: README.md

- `includeUrl`: All paths not containing any of the strings in this array will be ignored.
- `providers`: Paths not containing any of the strings listed in the map’s values will be ignored.

The first two layers can be skipped by setting it’s value to `undefined`. The third layer is mandatory.

## Header filtering

By default msw-pact capture and serialise all request and response headers captured, in the generated pact file.

You may wish to exclude these on a global basis

This mechanism currently has a layer
- `excludeHeaders`: All headers containing any of the strings present in this array will be ignored.

> The first two layers can be skipped by setting it’s value to `undefined`. The third layer is mandatory.

Reviewer: I think this line shouldn't be here 👀

Author: Removed thank you my friend

The first two layers can be skipped by setting it’s value to `undefined`. The third layer is mandatory.

## Header filtering

> By default msw-pact capture and serialise all request and response headers captured, in the generated pact file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default msw-pact captures and serialises all request and response headers captured, in the generated pact file.
```

> By default msw-pact capture and serialise all request and response headers captured, in the generated pact file.

Reviewer 2: It might be my own misunderstanding of MSW. Are the headers always lowercased e.g. `x-blah-blah` or can they come in other shapes?

Reviewer: I think that they can be any valid header name (i.e, don't contain a colon). As an example, `Content-Type` is usually written in caps.

Some testing tools such as cypress seems to be sending only lower case headers by default, but that's just a convention in the testing lib.

> You may wish to exclude these on a global basis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may wish to exclude these on a global basis.
```
